PR for SRVLOGIC-352: Document "Supporting Services" section in the OSL docs. (#83119)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-supporting-services-workflow-integration.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * serverless-logic/serverless-logic-managing-supporting-services

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="serverless-logic-supporting-services-workflow-integration_{context}"]
= Supporting services and workflow integration

> When you deploy a supporting service in a given namespace, you can choose between an enabled or disabled deployment. An enabled deployment signals the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to automatically intercept workflow deployments using the `preview` or `GitOps` profile within the namespace and configure them to connect with the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you deploy a supporting service in a given namespace, you can choose between an enabled or disabled deployment. An enabled deployment signals the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to automatically intercept workflow deployments using the `preview` or `gitops` profile within the namespace and configure them to connect with the service.
```

> For example, when the Data Index service is enabled, workflows are automatically configured to send status change events to it. Similarly, enabling the Job service ensures that a job is created whenever a workflow requires a timeout. The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} also configures the Job service to send events to the Data Index service, facilitating seamless integration between the services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when the Data Index service is enabled, workflows are automatically configured to send status change events to it. Similarly, enabling the Job Service ensures that a job is created whenever a workflow requires a timeout. The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} also configures the Job service to send events to the Data Index service, facilitating seamless integration between the services.
```

Reviewer: Job Service is the name of the supporting service.

> The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} does not just deploy supporting services; it also manages other necessary configurations to ensure successful workflow execution. All these configurations are handled automatically. You only need to provide the supporting services configuration in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} does not just deploy supporting services, it also manages other necessary configurations to ensure successful workflow execution. All these configurations are handled automatically. You only need to provide the supporting services configuration in the `SonataFlowPlatform` CR.
```

[NOTE]
====

> Deploying only one of the supporting services or using a disabled deployment is typically meant for advanced use cases. In a standard installation, you must enable both services to ensure smooth workflow execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deploying only one of the supporting services or using a disabled deployment are advanced use cases. In a standard installation, you must enable both services to ensure smooth workflow execution.
```
